# Penetration-Test-Report
Performing a penetration test on a small three-computer network, documenting findings and offering improvements to security.

The aim of this paper is to document the various exploits and vulnerabilities found in a small 3-computer network by performing various cyber-attacks, data analysis, and in more general terms, conducting a penetration test to ensure the security of the UADCWNET network is on par with modern security standards. By documenting findings and providing solutions to these security problems, the hiring company can take the necessary steps to implement improvements, making their services more reliable to use and trustworthy for its users. Failure to meet these expectations can result in crippling fines under the General Data Protection Regulation of 2018, potentially bankrupting the company, ruining customer and shareholder trust, and ceasing any of the services the business provides to the consumer.

Simulating the network in a virtual environment, the penetration test was performed mainly on a Kali Linux machine, making use of its cybersecurity programs to gain persistent access to the company servers, finding sensitive data and potentially killing the servers themselves through the use of multiple dangerous exploits. This was done using a methodical approach, first scanning the machines for vulnerabilities, enumerating any useful information on the machines, and finally using this information to stage a cyber-attack and full network takeover.

From the findings, it can be seen that the network was vulnerable to various forms of reconnaissance, scans, and attacks, partly due to an outdated and exposed operating system running the servers and files containing sensitive information being left in questionable, unsafe places on the servers’ drives. For example, the servers were vulnerable to an exploit called EternalBlue, exploiting Windows 2008’s handling of network traffic to allow full access to attackers, and a several .txt files found in a folder containing the server password and a list of exploits it may be vulnerable to.

A list of the top 300,000 passwords was used with Hydra in an attempt to bruteforce a valid login, but returned 0 results, meaning the passwords for the user accounts were not found. A way of mitigating this from happening would have been to use a larger list (top 1,000,000 or even 10,000,000) or through the use of a rainbow table which attempts various combinations of letters, numbers, and symbols in order to crack the password. However, both of these solutions would take considerably longer to return any sort of result, and the maximum allowed time for this project was just 24 hours, most of which had already been spent at this point.

Another issue was related to the Client1 virtual machine, which upon restart would insist the given test password was incorrect. This was solved by reinstalling the machine, which allowed a login, but this solution eventually stopped working as well. There are several methods of preventing this, like using the optional Microsoft Azure network setup or performing testing on physical machines, where VM network issues like this would not happen. Again however, this was not possible due to time constraints. 
